- ♪ What do you want? ♪
- Stop! Police!
♪ What do you want? ♪
♪ I wanna tell you all my
dirty. little secrets ♪
♪ I wanna give it up.
see if you can keep it ♪
♪ I wanna... ♪
Damn it. it's locked.
Suspect went down the north roof
access stairwell
behind a locked door.
Taking the south stairwell
to cut him off at the street.
♪ Anything you like ♪
♪ 24 karat doesn't
break under spite ♪
♪ You could be the magic
with your name up in lights ♪
♪ All you gotta do
is name the price ♪
♪ What do you want? ♪
Well. that's a first.
Clear.
Nolan. look.
7-Adam-15...
how do I radio that in?
That's a 415. masked vigilante.
♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
Right.
♪ I'm gonna win for you ♪
♪ Like I know you
want me to do ♪
Are you cleaning or are you
just moving the mess around?
I can't find my keys
because someone keeps letting
our toddler play with them.
I cannot be late for my
meeting with the captain.
Well. maybe it can be
seen as a power play.
making him wait to
hear your demands.
They're not demands.
They're respectful requests.
Now. if he doesn't address
them to my satisfaction.
then they become demands.
Hmm. found them.
Keyfob casserole.
She is a culinary visionary.
just like her mom.
Speaking of dinner. uh.
what time will you be home?
I invited a few friends over.
Our friends or your friends?
They're community activists.
In that case. I am busy.
I am filling in on patrol.
and cases are just piling up.
Nyla. come on.
The latest corruption scandal
exposed a lot of dirty cops.
and people want answers.
Isn't that why you are
going to see the captain?
I... I am just gonna tell them
the same thing that
I am telling you.
We are handling it.
The department is
just as motivated
to get bad cops off
the street as you are.
All right. maybe not just
as. but we are working on it.
For now.
Historically. there's
always a lot of talk
about accountability. but the
second the press moves on.
it's all swept under the rug.
I think it would help if the
community heard from an officer
who shared their concerns.
Someone like my gorgeous. smart.
funny. talented.
amazing wife.
Fine.
But that is just because
you said I was funny.
and not enough people
acknowledge that.
Mm-hmm.
♪ Sunburn. cheap wine ♪
♪ It takes me back ♪
♪ It hurts sometimes
to wonder. mm ♪
♪ Do you think of us? ♪
♪ Nights were always endless ♪
♪ It was perfect love ♪
♪ Didn't know how
precious yet ♪
♪ It's been a long time ♪
♪ Still know what
my address is ♪
♪ Find me somewhere in
Texas. oh-oh. oh-oh ♪
The hell are you doing. Boot?
I'm going to work. sir.
Yeah. I'm not blind.
I'm asking why you've
been coming to work
like you're leaving for
a six-month deployment.
What. this old thing?
It's a little
cross-training trick
I picked up from my high
school football coach.
Heavy backpack
equals easy cardio.
Well. do it on your own time.
Cops don't walk to work.
Oh. I know LA is
not a walking city.
but I didn't think
y'all would care so much
how I got myself places.
I care when it's an
officer safety issue.
What. you worried
someone's gonna jump me
for my milk money?
No.
I'm worried that some
hardcore criminal
pissed at you for
locking up his buddy
might sneak up behind
you and slit your throat.
That'll put an abrupt
ending to your easy cardio.
You're a pretty intense
guy. you know that?
What's your point?
Whoo!
Do we know what day it is?
Yo. I can't believe it's
finally Plain Clothes Day.
I mean. it's normal
to be nervous. right?
Yeah. of course.
And listen. Nolan wouldn't
have authorized it
if he wasn't sure
you were ready.
Yeah. Yeah. you're right.
I bet your Plain Clothes
Day was a breeze. huh?
Actually. I almost washed out.
But Nolan's not Tim.
And I don't think he's
gonna mess with your head.
Yeah.
You need to mess with her head.
Only way to make
sure she's ready.
Yeah. that's not
exactly my style.
Your style is also
being evaluated today.
But Juarez is a good cop.
If she messes up. it's as much
your failure as it is hers.
Wait a minute. Lucy
is a great cop.
and you almost washed her out.
I did. But you're not me.
Everyone knows I'm
an exceptional TO.
You. on the other hand.
have yet to prove yourself.
It's the only way to prove
a TO doesn't have
to play mind games
in order to train a good rookie.
It's not enough to win.
I have to crush Tim
in this competition.
Wait. so the contest is
just about TO styles?
I mean. what else
would it be about?
Uh. nothing.
She thinks it's
about the breakup.
And she's not alone.
I am so over the breakup.
We had friendly.
professional competition
long before we dated.
and this is just that.
So back in uniform.
How does it feel?
Itchy. I am already sweating.
But we are rooting
for you today. Juarez.
Patrol really cannot afford to
lose another body right now.
The boys are obsessed with
this masked vigilante.
Jack. too.
Whoever he is. he isn't
making my job any easier.
Citizen's arrest
is perfectly legal.
But false imprisonment isn't.
And the fuzzy line between the
two is for the jury to decide.
Well. at least he
isn't hurting anyone.
- Mm.
- Yet.
I hope you don't
mind. but the captain
wants me to sit in on this
morning's proceedings.
Not at all.
Just don't think I'm gonna go
easy because we're friendly.
Of course not.
I'll see you up there.
Wow. look at you.
It reminds me of the
first day we met.
I hate it.
I forgot how much these
pants flatten out my ass.
Well. it still looks
pretty good to me.
"Pretty good"?
Uh. I move to have
my previous comment
stricken from the record.
Are you ready for your meeting?
The real question is.
are they ready for me?
OK. not one word.
I was just gonna say thank
you both for your sacrifice.
The detectives owe you one.
You've owed me 200 bucks
since the Super Bowl.
I want my money.
Understood.
But seriously. if I need a
crime scene babysat today.
- you guys are my first call.
- Mm-hmm.
- We should go.
- Yeah.
Uh. have a good meeting.
- Thanks. See you tonight.
- Yeah.
Be careful today.
Not a fan of that detective?
Not at liberty to say.
I didn't see your Boot
in the locker room. Chen.
If he's late for roll call.
you'll be in the hole
before the day even starts.
He has a few minutes.
He has 43 seconds.
Hey. uh. have you
guys seen Seth?
No.
Damn it.
This is Seth. Leave a message.
All right. everybody.
Settle down.
It is 8:00 a.m. on the dot.
which means roll
call has started.
and Officer Chen's
Boot is officially...
you're late. Boot.
- Ooh!
- Late!
Sorry. I... I didn't...
Officer Chen. what's
an acceptable excuse
for a rookie to be
late to roll call?
- There isn't one.
- That's right.
Which means today. you'll be
starting in the loss column.
Moving on. Lieutenant Grey is
in a meeting with the captain
and a community activist.
Boo.
That representative
is James Murray.
Look. I know we all had friends
lose their pensions
over this mess.
but they made that bed.
They crossed lines
we can't cross.
Now it's up to us to regain
the community's trust.
Otherwise. we'll be dealing
with nonsense like this.
Now. I'm sure you've all
heard about this jackass
running around. trying to
be some masked avenger.
He's called The Watcher.
Yeah. I'm not calling him that.
♪ Can't stop till
I get enough ♪
He's just an
attention-seeking wannabe
desperate for internet fame.
You might be right.
But there has been a
measurable spike in crime
in the neighborhood since
we've been shorthanded.
Look. if the residents
start thinking
this clown is more
reliable than us.
we have a huge problem.
That's why today
we're gonna be doing
some good old-fashioned
community policing.
You mean foot patrol?
Yeah. we're not doing that.
Fine. but only to show
up that masked weirdo.
Everyone get out
there. shake hands.
kiss some babies. hand
out business cards.
Let the residents
feel your presence.
Everyone except
Nolan and Juarez.
who will be on
Plain Clothes Day.
All right. that's it.
Be safe out there.
Huh. kind of funny.
The one day you guys
are back in uniform.
I get to wear my
civvies all shift.
It won't be so funny
if Celina doesn't pass.
Why wouldn't...
Ooh.
How much coffee is
too much coffee?
Well. how many fingers
am I holding up?
I think two. but
they're vibrating.
OK. take a deep breath.
All right. You got this.
Thank you.
All right. let's go over
how this is gonna go.
Today I am here in a purely
observational capacity.
I will not advise. assist.
or help you in any way.
Every decision will be yours.
If you get into some trouble
that you can't handle.
I will step in.
Just know that that will
affect your final evaluation.
Understood.
Mount up.
Whew.
Now. to help simulate the
experience of riding solo.
this will be the last
time I speak to you
until the end of shift.
Finally!
Usually. I can't
get you to zip it.
Oh. you were serious.
OK. here we go.
And by we. I mean me.
because I am riding solo.
You are so lucky.
If Sergeant Bradford
was your TO.
you'd be spending the
rest of your shift
scrubbing holding cells
with... with a toothbrush.
Well. I'm glad that
he's not my TO.
Do you want to run
alongside the shop
while you reconsider
your attitude?
No. ma'am.
Sorry.
Good. 'cause...
'cause I don't want to
be that kind of TO. man.
But you showing up late for
your second-ever roll call.
either you don't respect me
- or... or...
- No. of course not.
Or you're not taking your
training seriously. Ridley.
Officer Chen.
I promise you that
is not the case.
I... I know it's no excuse.
but I had a doctor's
appointment this morning.
and it ran... it ran late.
So it's not... it's
not gonna happen again.
Good.
So since I'm making all
the decisions today.
I guess that means
I can do this.
Damn.
OK. I thought for sure.
that'd get you to crack.
OK.
7-Adam-15. I have
an in-progress 211
home invasion at 623 Layden.
RP is homeowner
Walter Fields. 82.
Advise RP to lock
himself in the bathroom
and find out if there are
any firearms in the house.
RP has locked himself in
the first floor bathroom
and is armed with a handgun.
Control responding Code-3.
7-Adam-15. shots fired
inside 2827 Layden.
We are... I am Code-6
on scene making entry.
Send backup.
Police!
I am inside your house!
Come out with your hands up!
Call it in.
I need an RA to my location.
Teenage female.
GSW to the chest.
She is conscious and breathing.
Homeowner. this is the police!
Is there anyone in
that bathroom with you?
No.
Did you find the guy?
I think I got him.
All right. I'm gonna need
you to put that gun down.
Is it down?
- Yeah.
- All right.
I'm gonna need you
to open the door.
Come toward me nice and slow
with your hands
where I can see them.
Nice and slow. Just
walk towards me. OK?
I'm gopnna have to
put you in handcuffs.
What?
I'm the one who's being robbed.
No. I understand. It's
standard procedure.
It's not up for debate.
Well. I know. but the...
- oh. my God. no.
- No.
No. let me go!
That's my granddaughter!
Let me go!
I heard footsteps in the hall.
There have been a lot of
break-ins around here lately.
So I thought...
listen. I...
I need to go to the hospital
to make sure she's OK.
I'm sorry. sir. but we...
Oh. please. She's only 17.
They have to save her.
They're gonna do
everything they can
to help her. OK?
Fill me in.
It's...
I hate Plain Clothes Day.
Fine. let's hear it.
Well. victim is the
17-year-old granddaughter
of homeowner. Walter Fields.
An open window in the
laundry room suggests
she may have been
trying to sneak back in
after a night out. and he
mistook her for an intruder.
Thanks. I'll take
it from here.
OK. well. do you need me to
take Walter in for processing?
He's been through enough.
He doesn't need to see
the back of a shop.
I'll handle it.
I. uh...
I-I don't expect you to respond
because I know you're
not here today.
but I need to say something.
I thought I did a pretty
good job handling that call.
so I don't really understand
why you stepped in to take lead.
You know. besides the fact that
I'm supposed to be making
all the decisions today.
it undermined my authority
with a man who is already
more inclined to trust someone
who looks like you over
someone who looks like me.
Just something to think about.
Community policing in
a city the size of LA
is a lot more complicated
than whatever you're used to
back in Texas.
You mean I can't just
pop down to the bingo hall
and shake hands with all
my cousins right now?
Uh. excuse me. officers?
Yes. ma'am. What
can we do you for?
Would you mind helping me
bring my garbage bin in?
- It's so heavy.
- Uh. yes. ma'am.
I'd be happy to.
You know. I would have thought
a woman in as good
a shape as yourself
would have no problem
bringing this bin in.
Well. just because a woman
can do something herself
doesn't mean she doesn't enjoy
watching a handsome
young man do it for her.
All right. if there's nothing
else you need from us. ma'am.
we're gonna need
to be moving on.
You have a great day. ma'am.
911 is the number if
you need us again.
Let's go. She
knows what 911 is.
Well. you told me
to be friendly.
That kind of friendly
will get you sued.
Next time. just focus
on professional.
Hey. excuse me. sir. Do
you have a minute to talk?
Depends. What about?
Well. this is Officer Chen.
I'm Officer Ridley.
We're introducing ourselves
around the neighborhood.
We're trying to get a
sense of what we can do
to better serve the community.
Better? Son. are you new?
Actually. yes. I... I am.
You're gonna have to forgive me.
I'm still learning.
OK. well. then I'll educate you.
This used to be a nice
neighborhood to raise a family.
And then the gangs started
moving in and the drugs.
And now the only time the
police ever seem to show up
is to make an easy arrest
or to use us as an example for
young officers like yourself.
See The Watcher there?
Now. I don't know if
The Watcher is helping.
hurting. or just plain crazy.
but at least he's here.
And you'd be surprised what
a big difference that makes.
Well. sir. next time
you've got a problem.
you can contact me directly.
And I will personally make
sure that the police respond.
I just might.
Ridley.
That was good.
I would not have agreed to this
if I knew we were
doing foot patrol.
Tell me about it.
And James is having people
over for dinner tonight.
so I can't even put my
feet up when I get home.
Thanks for the invite.
Oh. trust me. you
do not want one.
It'll be James. a bunch of
angry community members.
and then me answering
for the sins of the LAPD.
- You're right. I'm good.
- Yeah.
How have things been
since the scandal broke?
Tense.
I mean. I'm just sick of
having the same conversation
over and over again.
God. I remember when
Wesley and I used to get into
it over police procedure.
It was kind of hot.
but also exhausting.
It's much easier now that he
works for the DA's office.
If only I had that option.
Hey! My bag!
Hands behind your back!
Two babies each.
and we still got it.
Control. I need transport
at the corner of Cochran and 8th
for a 211 purse snatch suspect.
Copy. show 7-Adam-15 en route.
How's Juarez doing?
She's doing great.
Me. on the other hand. I'm
struggling a little bit.
We had an incident that
got a little dicey.
and I wound up taking the lead.
Afterwards.
she questioned whether I
was making the right call.
Well. unless she was
dying or on fire.
you definitely did not.
I didn't even realize
I was doing it.
Instinct just kicked in.
You've gotta learn to
control that impulse.
Yeah.
I had no idea being on the
TO side of Plain Clothes Day
would be this hard.
Well. of course it's hard.
You've been training her
for the past nine months.
You're invested in her success.
But the only way
she will succeed
is if you give her
the room to fail.
What can you tell me about
that guy crossing the street?
Late teens. early 20s.
5'10"- 6' tall. slim build.
His colors and tattoos
suggest that he is affiliated.
Without getting any closer.
I'd say he's a part of
the 6th Street Devils.
And what's our authority
to stop and talk to him?
Well. the standard for
probable cause and detention
states that we need to
have a reasonable belief
that the person in question
has or will commit a crime.
For example. if this
was an 11532.
loitering for the
purpose of selling drugs.
then we could stop him.
Follow that suspect!
LAPD! Stop!
7-Adam-19. we've got shots fired
in the alleyway off Beverly.
♪ Through their hair
and on their breath ♪
♪ In varied crooked
smiles that stench ♪
♪ In every crack and crevice
lay that histrionic scent ♪
♪ Keep your fingers. thumbs.
and elbows off my table ♪
Sir. the ambulance
is on its way.
I'm good. I'm good.
This ain't the first
time I been shot.
You're still going
to the hospital.
He had a car. He got away.
Did you get the plate?
The make?
Ridley!
Did... where did they go?
What direction did they go?
Control. 7-Adam-15.
vehicle stop on
2-Queen-Charles-Edward-265.
The registered
owner. Arnold King.
has a no-bail out of Long Beach.
Start me another unit. and be
advised that I am riding solo.
Copy. Adam-15.
Additional unit en route.
Damn it.
What the hell is taking so long?
Sir. I need you to
get back in your car.
You can't just hold me here.
Sir. if you do not get
back in your car now.
you will be in violation
of Penal Code Section 148.
resisting an officer.
You have my permission
to call me a badass.
You are a badass.
You're an embarrassment.
Not only did you fail to
radio in your location
while chasing an armed suspect.
you were unable to
provide any details
that might help us
identify his vehicle.
These are the fundamentals.
Officer Ridley.
Things they teach you the
first week at the Academy.
There's no excuse. sir.
You're damn right!
Step outside.
I need to speak to
Officer Chen for a minute.
Let me be blunt.
Do you think Ridley
has what it takes
to make it through
the FTO program?
I think Officer Ridley
shows a lot of potential.
Very diplomatic.
Now I need your honest opinion.
I think he's smart.
thoughtful. and empathetic.
but he's made some
very basic mistakes.
which I-I understand at
this stage in his training
is to be expected.
I...
I think at this point.
it's too soon to tell.
Every rookie makes mistakes.
But we're under a
microscope right now.
So if you ever start to think
that he might be a liability.
I need you to let
me know right away.
Yes. sir.
All right.
- Officer Chen. I'm sorry...
- No.
You need to stop apologizing.
All right? Get your
head in the game.
Go study your Rook Book.
Yes. ma'am.
Hear the vigilante's
escalated to attempted murder.
Too bad he got away.
Are you seriously here to gloat
about how badly my
rookie screwed up?
Of course not.
A little.
Look. being a TO is hard.
No. Being a good
TO is even harder.
First lesson I learned is
you can't let their failures
be your fault. not
at the beginning.
You have to make those
failures a teachable moment.
Well. that's very
enlightened of you.
Don't sound so surprised.
How's it going
with Officer Texas?
So far. so good.
Still got half a shift left.
Mm.
Why were you trying
to leave the scene
before the ambulance arrived?
I promised my grandma
I'd take her to church.
And you were gonna take her
with a bullet in your shoulder?
She hates missing the homily.
Well. you have been
very unhelpful.
I'm a Devil. baby. Devils
take it to the grave.
Wow. What a motto.
You'd think with there
being so many cops
in the neighborhood. The
Watcher would have picked
a different day to escalate
to attempted murder.
Yeah. but it wasn't
just an escalation.
This was a completely
different MO.
I mean. everyone
else was stopped
while committing a crime.
This doesn't feel like
his other missions.
This one feels personal.
OK. so what do those other
missions have in common?
They're almost all
single-perpetrator robberies
or assaults. all in
the neighborhood.
And patrol's long response times
have been giving him a chance
to get to the scenes first.
I might have an idea.
So where exactly do you live?
Must be pretty close
to the station.
Over on Stanley.
I can smell the tar
pits from my apartment.
Probably why I got
such a good deal.
Hey. what's up?
Harper and I have a plan to
track down the vigilante.
Can you and your
Boot back us up?
Absolutely.
7-Adam-100. what's your ETA
for that 4-15 in the
alley off Fuller?
Still six minutes out.
Be advised. original RP has
called back multiple times
to report screaming
from that event.
Copy. We'll be there
as soon as we can.
Police! Hands up!
- Police!
- Show me your hands!
Show me your hands!
Search him. Boot.
Keep your hands on your head!
I got a gun in the
holster on my right hip.
It's a 9-millimeter.
Same as the one
used to shoot Bicho.
Hold on. hold on. I
didn't shoot anybody.
Thomas Forsythe. you're under
arrest for attempted murder.
I want a lawyer.
Get up.
Looks like you had
a pretty eventful
Plain Clothes Day.
Officer Juarez.
Yes. sir.
Had a few missteps.
as did Officer Nolan.
But overall.
I'm impressed on how you handled
some tricky calls today.
What?
I mean. does that mean I passed?
Yes. you passed.
Whoo-hoo.
- Thank you. sir.
- You're welcome.
Now. Officer Nolan.
for a first-time TO.
not terrible.
but definitely room
for improvement.
Yes. sir.
All right.
That's all. Good job.
Explain something to us. Tom.
What makes a middle-aged guy.
a former cop. decide to start
running around his neighborhood
in a mask playing superhero?
My client saw a need
in the community
and used his training as a
retired law enforcement officer
to lend a hand.
I just wanted to make
my neighborhood safer.
By shooting gangbangers?
I told you. that wasn't
me. Check my alibi.
We are. But why carry a gun if
you didn't intend to use it?
Come on.
You know any cops.
active or retired.
who aren't carrying
at all times?
So his alibi checks out.
Which means we've got a copycat.
Whoo!
I wasn't sure if you wanted
to go out after your shift.
so I stashed this in the
freezer just in case.
Let me guess. the ice cream
in there was for if I failed?
Yes. but that doesn't mean
we can't still eat it.
See. now we're talking.
How's it look?
Oh. girl. it looks like
you took on a dude twice
your size and still won.
Here's to you and being
an absolute badass
and crushing your
Plain Clothes Day.
Mm.
I am quite proud of myself.
As well you should be.
I mean. look how far you've
come in the last nine months.
- how much you've grown.
- Mm.
It's crazy thinking back
to that first shift.
I was in so far over my head.
I can't believe I
didn't get washed out.
Mm.
How are things going with Seth?
Yeah. he had a pretty crap day.
I don't know what the answer is.
That's why I think we need to
narrow down our action items
and put them in writing
for the captain.
Hey. there she is.
Uh. everyone. this
is my wife. Nyla.
- Hello.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Are you here to give
us some real answers?
Because if you're just gonna
parrot the department line.
I'm not interested.
OK. let's just give her a
few minutes to settle in.
OK. George?
Help yourself to some
more food and wine.
I'm so sorry.
It got a little bigger
than I had planned.
You think? You said a few.
In what version of the English
language is this a few?
I do not appreciate being
ambushed in my own home.
It's not an ambush.
Word got around. OK? More
people wanted to come.
What was I supposed to say?
No. It's a complete
sentence. James.
- Where are you going?
- To change.
Ugh. could you get it?
I used up all my
steps for the day.
Mm. OK.
It's Nyla.
Hey. Everything OK?
Was the dinner a disaster?
If by dinner. you
mean town hall meeting
in my living room with
20 strangers. then yes.
- He didn't.
- Oh. he did.
I'm sure James didn't
mean for it get that big.
He probably...
I'm gonna stop talking
and go check on the kids.
What did you say to
him when you left?
Oh. uh. nothing. 'cause
I climbed out the window.
I am not proud of it.
Why not?
I'd be proud of myself for
not burning the house down.
It's James.
Tell James we're
doing a spouse swap.
I get you. He can have Wesley.
That would solve
a lot of problems.
You know it's illegal
to live in a vehicle
parked on the street?
Sweet suffering lord. you
scared the crap out of me.
Exactly. You're
completely exposed.
Not to mention it's
against the law.
which you're sworn to uphold.
Of course.
But I can't afford to
rent a place right now.
All right? I've got
some debts to repay.
That doesn't make it better.
Officers in financial trouble
are much easier to corrupt.
What if someone steals your
vehicle or breaks into it
and steals your service
weapon or police equipment?
You'd be terminated on the spot.
which is exactly what
I should do right now.
No. wait. don't.
Don't do that.
Please. I... I...
I need this.
I screwed up.
All right?
I played football in college
and I thought I was going pro.
So I spent some money
before I technically had it.
- And...
- You blew out your knee
jumping off the roof at a
frat party like an idiot.
Which is a tragedy. because
you were destined to be
one hell of a running back.
Well. all that's in the past.
And right now. I'm
giving you 24 hours
to find yourself a
legal place to live.
Otherwise. you're gonna
have to find yourself
a third career to screw up.
Mr. Fields?
- I'm...
- I remember.
Hard to forget the worst
moment of your life.
So. um. how's Chelsea?
10 hours in surgery.
And they say she's...
she's gonna need another
one in a couple of days.
Her parents will
be here by then.
Hey. tell me. how do families
survive something like this?
I mean. how...
how am I supposed to?
Well. it isn't easy.
But it is possible.
It just takes time.
Well.
I don't think I have
enough years left in me.
I mean. even if
Chelsea and my daughter
find it in themselves
to forgive me.
I'll never forgive myself.
OK. It was an accident.
I don't understand.
When did I get so afraid?
You know. I was...
I was the man that people
called in a crisis.
Suddenly my daughter talks
to me like I'm a... a child.
You shouldn't do that.
You know. did you
remember to do this?
She begged me to
give that gun up.
She said she would pay
for a better security...
a better security system.
And I told her no.
I said no.
Come on. I can take
care of myself.
'Cause. you know. giving up
the gun was admitting defeat.
It was like...
acknowledging that
you're not the man
that you thought you were.
And that terrified me.
You know?
Now her little girl's in
there fighting for her life
'cause I was too proud to
accept my own limitations.
I was too scared
of looking feeble.
And then. all that fear.
The second that I saw
Chelsea laying on that floor.
I realized that I didn't
know what fear was.
I... I had no idea.
- Hey.
Hey. I. uh. got the
shop all set up.
I came in early to top
it off with some gas.
I put some air in the tires.
And I even got you a coffee.
Thank you.
You know that doesn't
wipe the slate clean
from yesterday's
mistakes. right?
Yes. ma'am.
Um. but actually. I wanted
to talk to you about that.
The reason I came
in late yesterday
and. uh. why I took
my eye off the ball
with the vigilante. um...
four years ago. I was
diagnosed with cancer.
And it was aggressive. and
my odds weren't very good.
But I did... I did beat it.
But a week ago. I went in
to get some routine
blood work done.
and my results came
back as irregular.
I'm sorry.
That sounds
incredibly stressful.
Seth. you know. I'm...
I'm the one that's responsible
for your safety on the job.
And you... you really
should have told me.
I know. I know. It's just...
people treat you different when
they know that you're sick.
Yeah.
But there's no excuses.
You're right. And I
should have told you.
Well. when do you
get the results back?
Soon. I hope.
But...
It feels like forever.
Mm.
Yeah. there's nothing we can
do about that now. right?
What do you say we focus
on other people's
problems for today?
I'd love that.
We have a lead on the
copycat vigilante.
Midnight shift
caught a homicide.
a kid from the same gang as
our shooting victim yesterday.
And witnesses saw The Watcher
running from the scene.
We dug in and found
that both victims
were persons of interest in the
murder of an 18-year-old girl.
Sienna Sanchez. shot to
death six months ago.
But the DA's office
couldn't convince anyone
to testify against the gang.
and so the case fell apart.
So are you thinking
someone from Sienna's
family is out for vengeance?
It makes sense.
Apparently. our two victims
bragged openly about the murder.
We made a list of all
her family and friends
that need to have
their alibis checked.
We were hoping patrol would
help us knock those out.
Of course. Whatever you need.
The mother's gonna need
someone with a soft touch.
I'll send Nolan and Juarez.
They'll be sensitive.
Perfect.
Imelda Sanchez. 47. widow.
- Any other kids?
- No. just Sienna.
And to lose her
husband and her child
within a few years. I mean.
that'll break her heart.
And hardened hers.
Lopez just matched Imelda's
car to a traffic cam footage
leaving the area
of both shootings.
She's our copycat.
Remember. sympathetic or not.
she's our murder suspect.
considered armed and dangerous.
Copy that.
Looks like the 6th Street Devils
have figured out Imelda
is the killer. too.
Patrol. 7-Adam-15.
I have at least four armed
men outside 2202 Norton.
No sign of Imelda
Sanchez. homeowner.
I'm assuming more
armed suspects inside.
Requesting backup
and airship. Code-3.
Copy Adam-15. backup and
airship are en route.
What about Imelda?
Let's go see what we can see.
Control. be advised.
7-Adam-15 is Code-6.
approaching the Sanchez
residence from the rear.
Advise responding units
to possible blue on blue.
Ah!
- Shut up!
- Get off of me!
- Let her go!
- They killed my daughter!
Back away.
Get behind the fridge.
7-Adam-100. shots
fired at our location.
7-Adam-15. we're under
fire in the foot alley
on the east side of
the detached garage.
Damn.
Hey. what's your position on
the liberal use of flash-bangs?
Do it.
Chen. we're gonna
flash-bang 'em.
Be ready.
They're low on ammo.
Just wait for the reload.
Copy.
Now.
Let's go.
Not a bad hit for
a running back.
Jan. take him.
Let's go.
Nolan. we're coming
up behind them.
Copy that. We're
in the foot alley.
We have four shooters
posted up behind the Honda.
6th Street Devils. you are
surrounded and outgunned.
You have five seconds
to lay down your guns.
Get on the ground.
arms and legs spread.
Come on.
Get down.
You. down.
Secure Imelda.
Drop the gun! Do it right now!
Drop it!
Imelda. drop the gun.
Look around.
There's no chance of you
walking out of this alive
unless you do what I say.
I don't care.
They killed my daughter.
They deserve to die.
every last one of them.
Maybe.
But if you don't let them go.
I will be forced to end your
life in order to save his.
Does that sound
like justice to you?
I want to die.
But I don't want to
kill a grieving mother
for avenging her
daughter's murder.
Please.
On your knees.
Three days in.
How you feeling?
Uh. like an imposter.
But there have been
a few moments where
I felt like I was
making a difference.
That has made all those
other times worth it.
What about you?
It doesn't really
matter at this point.
unless one of y'all have a
room I can rent out for cheap.
- No.
- Sorry.
No worries.
Well. it was great working
with y'all. no matter...
no matter how briefly.
What are you talking about?
Well. Tim's bouncing me.
He found out I was
living in my car
and gave me 24 hours to
find a legal residence.
which will be up in a few hours.
So find something.
Well. I can't find a place.
rent it. and move in by tonight.
I might have a solution.
So...
how mad are you?
♪ Been feelin' defeated ♪
- Pretty mad.
- Hmm.
How mad are you?
Well. pretty mad.
Want to just call it even?
I would love to. but...
I don't think we should.
OK.
What exactly does that mean?
♪ Don't fall down.
baby. don't fall down ♪
Sometimes I worry that
we got married too fast.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Wait. wait. wait. What?
Nyla. we've built a
great life together.
We have a beautiful daughter.
- We love each other.
- We do.
I love you. James.
But that does not change
what I do for a living.
Something I also love is in
direct conflict with your work.
Which is equally
important to me.
Yeah.
Then. I guess...
We have to work at
trying to figure out a
pathway through this.
That's what I'm saying.
But we can start tomorrow.
'cause mama's tired.
How about I run you a bath
while you kiss the
kids goodnight?
Yeah. That sounds good.
♪ Don't fall down.
baby. don't fall down ♪
There is no way we
were that clueless.
I mean. I know we were rookies.
but we had some common sense.
No rookie has common sense.
After my first day as a TO.
I wrote Harper a very
long apology letter
and sent her a spa
gift certificate.
- Aww.
Forget it.
You made my life hell.
Besides. any amount of gratitude
you might have been owed
was more than paid off
while we were dating.
- Fair enough.
- Mm-hmm.
All right. That is it for me.
I'm gonna go home and soak
my entire body in ice.
- All right. Have a good night.
- See you tomorrow.
- Good night.
- ♪ Get right up ♪
♪ Things get tough.
keep your head up ♪
So. uh.
your Boot handled himself
OK out there today.
Yeah. he's. um...
yeah. we're... we're
figuring it out.
How was Texas the
rest of the day?
About to find out.
Oh.
Time's up. Boot. You
find a place to live?
Howdy. I sure did.
Let me introduce you
to my new landlord.
Bradford. Just welcoming
the kid to the neighborhood.
Pass me back to my Boot.
It's only temporary
until I bank enough money
to get my own place.
Yeah. that's what every guy said
when they first
moved into that lot.
All right. I'll
see you tomorrow.
You bought yourself
another shift.
Don't listen to Bradford.
This place is Shangri-La.
All the beer. barbecue.
and sports you want.
And pants are always optional.
♪ Things are
gonna get better ♪
Damn it.